Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1020)
Codecademy/docs: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

If you haven't gone through this workflow before, you can check out [this GitHub tutorial](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions#readme) (highly recommend) or [this YouTube video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rgbCcBNZcdQ) to learn about how to make a PR from a fork using Git.

> Alternatively, if you'd prefer to work with the GitHub UI, you can follow the instructions in that video up to 1:18 to fork this repo. After that, you can create your entry in your fork using the UI and then make a PR by pressing this handy button:<br>

Author: @yangc95 What about something like this?

```suggestion
Alternatively, if you'd prefer to work directly on GitHub, you can follow the instructions in that video up to 1:18. After forking this repo, you can create your entry in your fork using the website's user interface and make a PR by pressing this handy button:<br>
```
